docs: updates to billing and usage guides (#13222)
medusajs/medusa: www/apps/cloud/app/usage/page.mdx

import { InlineIcon } from "docs-ui"
import { ArrowDownTray } from "@medusajs/icons"

export const metadata = {
  title: `Usage`,
}

# {metadata.title}

In this guide, you'll learn how to monitor your organization's standard and flex usage in Cloud.

## View Usage

In your organization's settings, you can view your current plan and usage limits.

To view your organization's usage:

1. Make sure you're viewing the [correct organization's dashboard in Cloud](../organizations/page.mdx#switch-organization).
2. Click on the [organization switcher](../organizations/page.mdx#switch-organization) at the top left of the Cloud dashboard.
3. Choose "Organization Settings" from the dropdown.
4. Change to the "Usage" settings from the sidebar.

In the Usage settings, you'll find a table with the list of resources your organization is using, along with their current usage levels and limits based on your plan.

![Usage table in the Usage settings](https://res.cloudinary.com/dza7lstvk/image/upload/v1755264824/Cloud/CleanShot_2025-08-15_at_16.33.30_2x_cbkure.png)

---

## What is Flex Usage?

> Usage over your plan limits is considered flex usage. For example, if your plan allows for 100GB data transfer, any usage beyond that limit would be classified as flex usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage that exceeds the limits of your plan is considered Flex Usage. For example, if your plan allows for 100GB data transfer, any usage beyond that limit would be classified as Flex Usage.
```

Reviewer: Can we capitalize Flex Usage in the entire doc?
